Make component independent from cloud provider (#1)
appuio/component-openshift4-terraform: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc

The parent key for all of the following parameters is `openshift4_terraform`.

> == `provider`

Author: Do we also document the `images` parameter?

[horizontal]
type:: enum
required:: Yes
values:: `cloudscale`, `exoscale`

> The supported cloud provider identifier.
> Supported providers:
> 
> - https://github.com/appuio/terraform-openshift4-cloudscale[Cloudscale.ch]
> - https://github.com/appuio/terraform-openshift4-exoscale[Exoscale]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This variable is used to select the Terraform module and a suitable default configuration for the specified cloud provider.
The supported providers are:

- https://cloudscale.ch[Cloudscale.ch] -- https://github.com/appuio/terraform-openshift4-cloudscale[Terraform module]
- https://exoscale.com[Exoscale] -- https://github.com/appuio/terraform-openshift4-exoscale[Terraform module]
```

=== Example

[source,yaml]
----
provider: cloudscale
----

== `gitlab_ci.tags`

[horizontal]
type:: array
default:: `[]`

The GitLab CI Runner tags to apply to the GitLab jobs.

=== Example

[source,yaml]
----
gitlab_ci:
  tags:
    - docker
----

== `terraform_variables`

[horizontal]
type:: object
default:: see `class/defaults.yml`

> The terraform variables as they're passed through 1:1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terraform input variables for the selected Terraform module (see parameter `provider`).
They're passed to the module without any further processing.
```

The variables are merged with the defaults, unless overridden.

=== Example

[source,yaml]
----
terraform_variables:
  worker_count: 3
  infra_flavor: plus-24
  base_domain: ${openshift:baseDomain}
  ssh_keys:
    - ssh-ed25519 AA...
  ignition_ca: |-
    -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
    ...

> ----

Reviewer: Maybe makes more sense to refer to the how-tos for Cloudscale and Exoscale here

== `version`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `master`

> The git revision of the supported cloud provider's terraform repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The git revision of the selected Terraform module (see parameter `provider`)
```
